Hi “comp” representative,

I am an aspiring C++ engine developer with a passion for graphics programming. I am studying Game Development at DAE and am currently participating in an Erasmus exchange program at Abertay University in Dundee, Scotland.

I am not going to try to convince you that I am the next Steve Wozniak or that I am the best developer you ever met. I wish more than anything that I was, but as long as Elon Musk doesn’t figure out how the next-generation implantable brain–computers work, or black magic doesn’t exist, I won’t be the best for at least 5 more years. I am however a guy with a passion for giving people an emotionally driven experience they never thought was possible through the medium of games, and with a wish to be able to contribute to the next-gen game engines.

As a child, I adored playing video games. My Nintendo DS Lite was my first love, with the family computer following as a close second. One day I pondered how those games I loved so much came to be. I have never looked back ever since!
Over many years of self-learning combined with my ongoing major, I discovered a lot of different niches in the game and software development space. When I first began learning game development in Unity using C#, I couldn’t stop myself from wondering what was behind the few lines of code that resulted in the most mind-blowing physics my 14-year-old self had seen so far. This mind-blocking feeling of wanting to know the insides of the tools I loved using finally got its release after discovering the beautiful world of low-level programming in languages like C++. After making my own 2D graphics engine in Vulkan, a rasterizer in DirectX, a game engine in C++ called KnipTang-Engine, and ReVengine, a 3D FPS-focused C++ game engine made with DirectX11 that I am currently working on, I finally got a better understanding of how the engines I used and the games I adored came to be. This journey made me a better developer overall and gave me the confidence to self-learn new skills in and outside of the tech space.
You can find more information about me and my CV on my portfolio site https://arneolemans.com/

I am truly excited to follow the future of “Comp” and hope to be a part of that journey. I have no problem with moving toward new places and would love to continue full-time after my internship! Thank you for going over my application and considering me as a possible addition to the art project that is “Comp”.

Kind regards,
Arne Olemans.
https://arneolemans.com/